Hi Manu,
I am contacting you regarding the situation of my current project at 
lloyds as mentioned in the previous email I was informed by our client 
that I will have to be in the office from September but this goes against 
the agreements agreed with the client when I was assigned to this project, 
in fact Gary Frost-Dicker assured me that the role would be totally remote 
as can be seen from attachment 1. I need to work remotely for health 
reasons as I had an accident years ago for which I was subjected to an 
operation (attachment 2) in fact for long work sessions it requires an 
orthopedic setup like the one shown in the attached photos (stand up desk, 
orthopedic chair and pillows) (attachments 3 and 4) in addition when I 
have to stay long days away from home I need to wear a belt for posture so 
as not to strain my back (and it is not comfortable at all) so having said 
that I am optimistic and confident that we will be able to find a solution 
together perhaps by continuing with this project remotely or finding some 
a new one. I took the liberty of scheduling a meeting so that we could 
discuss this issue and find a solution as soon as possible. Best regards
Diego Caridei


Dear Manu,

I am writing to you today to discuss the situation of my current project 
at Lloyds. As you know, I was informed by our client that I will need to 
be in the office from September. However, this goes against the original 
agreement with the client, which stated that the role would be fully 
remote.

I have health reasons that require me to work remotely. Several years ago, 
I was in an accident that required surgery. As a result, I need to use an 
orthopedic setup for long work sessions. This includes a standing desk, an 
orthopedic chair, and pillows. I have attached photos of my setup 
(Attachments 3 and 4).

In addition, I need to wear a posture belt when I am away from home for 
long periods of time. This is to help prevent back pain. As you can 
imagine, this is not very comfortable.

I am confident that we can find a solution that works for everyone. 
Perhaps we can continue with this project remotely, or we can find a new 
project that is suitable for me to work on remotely.

I have scheduled a meeting for us to discuss this issue further. The 
meeting is scheduled for tomorrow at 10:00 AM.

Thank you for your time and consideration.

Best regards,
Diego Caridei
